Stéphane Bourdeaud: EcoStudies.
Kostadis Roussos: Hello?
Kostadis Roussos: How are you?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm good.
Kostadis Roussos: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: Just to see if everybody else is joining us.
Kostadis Roussos: Ugh, I've, I've become quite addicted to, lLMs.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I noticed.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's a rabbit hole, isn't it?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, I think this is important technology.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Morning, Heather.
Kostadis Roussos: Understanding how to use it is important.
Kostadis Roussos: What's really pissing me off is how badly, What's his name?
Kostadis Roussos: zoom is using it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, come on, guys, it's not that hard.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: But you don't like the notes that they… They're not perfect, but…
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, literally, you know how I make the notes better?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: I take their notes, and I tell it, enrich it with a transcript.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: That's it. I don't do anything better. I mean, it's two passes. Like, it's really that stupid easy.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So what did you end up using to convert your PDFs, by the way?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: I ended up… I mean, go check out the code, but I used your, your tool, your technology. I must have…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I mean, it's not mine, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, of course.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I know what you mean.
Kostadis Roussos: I must have used, like, 5 different… I went through 4 different iterations of the toolchain until I landed on yours.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: The first toolchain was really broken.
Kostadis Roussos: I relied on, the IBM thing.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: And then… and there are other variants.
Kostadis Roussos: That were, or a mess.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hey, Dave.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, I, I don't know, I, I, yeah, no, the PDF one… The PDF one was what…
Kostadis Roussos: Finally got me to realize something very important.
Kostadis Roussos: about… These stupid systems.
Kostadis Roussos: They're very good at going from Here's a general proposal.
Kostadis Roussos: that I refine for you, and then let me iterate on a sub-proposal, on a sub-proposal. Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Summarizing, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Samson is creating new content, but on a narrower field.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Summarizing… we're actually terrible at summarizing. The only reason we say they're good at summarizing is because in summaries, we expect to have mistakes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: But they're very good at creating new content, you just have to be careful with what content they create.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so, the trick is to… to decide what you… what is it that is okay if it's wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: And so what we've decided as an industry is that non-determinism is the way to write code.
Kostadis Roussos: Have you heard that, Dave?
David Mendenhall: Sorry, I wasn't listening.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, so there's a guy, who described, you know, how he programs this non-deterministic determinism.
Kostadis Roussos: He says… he goes, if I don't… if I know what the output is, right, of the program.
Kostadis Roussos: But I have no idea how it was implemented, and every time I implement it with these tools, I get a different program.
Kostadis Roussos: Does it matter?
Kostadis Roussos: There's a non-deterministic way to get to the same answer.
Kostadis Roussos: I told my wife, who is a PhD in computer science this, and she still hasn't forgiven me for saying such an abomination.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me just see if, Gary's joining us.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: He's the neighborhood.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just ping him.
David Mendenhall: Good morning, Stefan.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: How are you doing, Dave?
David Mendenhall: I'm tired, ready to go to bed.
Kostadis Roussos: Look at me.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep, another feeling.
David Mendenhall: And I gotta get up at 6, and I gotta do an all-engineering meeting tomorrow, and…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: At 6 AM? Wow.
David Mendenhall: No, the all-engineering's at 8.30.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
David Mendenhall: But my first meeting's at 6.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: I was gonna say, 6 o'clock engineering meeting, you don't have to attend that, no one's gonna be there.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I had that yesterday.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: connecting with a client in, Australia.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's a difficult time zone to work with.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, God.
David Mendenhall: Australia… oh, for France, it's difficult. Yeah, actually, it's convenient for California, actually, because there's overlap.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, France, no.
Gary Young: Hey.
Kostadis Roussos: P?
David Mendenhall: Hey, Gary's here, we can play!
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, we're complaining.
David Mendenhall: Yay!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. I…
David Mendenhall: I think it's funny that this module is called Icepire, because, like, we already finished the Icepire stuff, like, that was, like, minor.
David Mendenhall: That is not what this is.
Kostadis Roussos: I…
David Mendenhall: That was like… that was like… You know, an echo.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just…
Gary Young: truly what it is.
Kostadis Roussos: And, I mean, I'm really happy to hear that, because this is… if you go read the module, you'll wonder where the hell this… half this module comes from.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
David Mendenhall: I did go and look at the module, and I was like, yeah, we are not… this is not what we're playing.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I started to play it and got bored.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, it's… it's too simple.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and I said, this is boring. I'm gonna get bored of this. And I started… I started coming up with ideas. And then I discovered I could use… could come up with more ideas, and then more ideas, and even more ideas.
Kostadis Roussos: And then I had to create a whole system for keeping track of all of those ideas.
David Mendenhall: It's basically a homebrew module, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: At this point in time, at this point in time, it's a completely homebrew module.
David Mendenhall: Hell.
Kostadis Roussos: With occasional, you know, homages to the original.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, that's a good way to put it, homages.
David Mendenhall: Because I was like, where did he come up with all this druid stuff? Is that, like, where's that going? I went around… I'm like, this is not in the module! There's nothing in here!
David Mendenhall: This is not what this character is!
Kostadis Roussos: This… it's who you inspired it to be.
David Mendenhall: Yes, that's right.
Kostadis Roussos: Noah's to all of the best ideas.
David Mendenhall: No, I think I went and read… I wanted to know more about Adabra, so I went and read about her, and I'm like, yeah, this is not…
David Mendenhall: Not the radar.
Kostadis Roussos: This is not…
David Mendenhall: He has the same name, but this is not the character.
Kostadis Roussos: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, good job. Thank you. I mean, the fact that you wanted to look into her makes me feel like I made her interesting enough.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, well…
Kostadis Roussos: Or you wanted to… they read her stat block to decide if you were gonna kill her the next time you saw her.
David Mendenhall: There's no way she has a strong stat block, there's just no way.
David Mendenhall: Why did we… we had to go save her. Oh, but she didn't want to be saved. She didn't think that she needed to be saved.
Kostadis Roussos: No, we're…
David Mendenhall: Maybe she didn't need to be sick.
Kostadis Roussos: You always assume she needs…
Gary Young: Alatra?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I don'.
David Mendenhall: Barbara.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys always assumed she needed to be saved.
David Mendenhall: She was very clear that she did not need to be saved.
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: And in that ambiguity was… everything was created.
David Mendenhall: Yes, she was very clear on that one.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on, I need to go to.
David Mendenhall: I see a lot of potential recruits to Gary's church.
Kostadis Roussos: Can we agree that not every…
Kostadis Roussos: Not everything is, you know… oh, God.
Kostadis Roussos: I know that.
David Mendenhall: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: God.
David Mendenhall: It is about gods.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, God, I just realized what I have just created.
Kostadis Roussos: A vander and his prophet.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, so let me ask you a question, just so I can probe this a little bit.
Kostadis Roussos: Does… is Muchardin sensing that, you know, one way to get people to see the path of goodness is to convert them to Malfine's version of.
David Mendenhall: No, no, I think… I think what he's learning is, like.
David Mendenhall: We need to… it's becoming very hard to return all of these items to…
David Mendenhall: They're rightful owners, and that we need to have some… some charities that we believe in that can take the items whose owners cannot be found.
David Mendenhall: And all of the charities run by, you know, the various factions all seem suspect, and they can't be trusted, and they all seem to have secret agendas, and they're not really charities.
David Mendenhall: Whereas Balfina's charity is clearly valid, and, like, no issues there, and, like.
Gary Young: My mood is…
David Mendenhall: It's definitely a real charity.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, I think that actually works, because it fits into your naive tape.
David Mendenhall: Exactly!
Gary Young: I'm sure he has stereotypedal offender already, right?
David Mendenhall: And Lathander's a good guy, like, I don't have any problems with Lathander, you know? He's pro-Asimer, like, that's nothing wrong with that.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he's a good guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm, hmm, yeah, no.
David Mendenhall: You know, I want to support my fellow band.
David Mendenhall: Member, and party member, and, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, I'm with you.
David Mendenhall: I don't want everybody to like me, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Gary Young: I am tempted to memorize the Animate Dead spell.
David Mendenhall: Yeah? How'd that go?
Gary Young: No, I'm just tempted.
David Mendenhall: Sure! You should, you should try that sometime.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: How am I gonna respond to that one?
David Mendenhall: Oof.
Gary Young: Well, you know, maybe I should just kind of, like, take that as,
Gary Young: The undead are kind of, like, antithesis to light, and light is power, and therefore… you know.
Gary Young: The, the undead are just weak.
David Mendenhall: What's the duration of that spell?
Gary Young: Animate that?
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Gary Young: It's got a pretty good duration, let's see.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, I don't mean to be rude, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Lathander's kind of got an issue with that, just wanted to make sure.
Gary Young: Duration instantaneous.
David Mendenhall: How long does the animation last?
Gary Young: 24 hours.
David Mendenhall: 24 hours.
Gary Young: But I think Falfina's position is gonna be a little bit more moderate, it's gonna be…
Gary Young: Creating, you know, undead or just weak?
Gary Young: than the Thunder Power.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm really terrified about that comment.
Gary Young: Undeader week.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, you know, just, just, just, like, Undead, like, her, like, her… you know, lots of people come to lots of different conclusions about a dead, but that is not one of them.
Gary Young: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Right, are we in the middle of, combat here?
Kostadis Roussos: Give me one second, I need to… I need to get something out.
Gary Young: They're usually afraid of the light.
Gary Young: Especially the shadows.
David Mendenhall: were how many blights? Seven?
Kostadis Roussos: No, 12.
David Mendenhall: Wow, alright, wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Many little minions.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see… Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Where is it? Circle of Thunder locations, alright.
David Mendenhall: And I believe there were two… Half or Spellcasters.
David Mendenhall: Two lightning bolt casters.
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm… let's see, why didn't it?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I guess this is when you meet him. Alright, okay, that's what I… I just needed to, check something. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so they're performing some kind of role, a religion check.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Gary Young: Do it.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, religion.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Religion. Religion?
Kostadis Roussos: That's… I think that's what.
David Mendenhall: I got a 9. I got a 9.
Kostadis Roussos: Foot.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I got a 10.
David Mendenhall: Alright, Velfina. Oh, we got somebody's… can you… Gary, you wanna play, Wade?
Kostadis Roussos: What is it?
Gary Young: before, I…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I… neither have I.
Kostadis Roussos: I can do it. I can do it.
David Mendenhall: I can go ahead.
David Mendenhall: The whole, like, shape-shifting thing, and temporary hit points, and the rules changed in 5.5.
David Mendenhall: It's very confusing.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys are all… it's… But I can do this. This is not a problem.
Kostadis Roussos: Where is it? Sword goes to Grind.
Kostadis Roussos: So, guys, just to give you some context, so I was using my tools to, like, finish the adventure, and I discovered that we literally had 270 different NPCs in the Storm Giants adventure.
Gary Young: In the story.
David Mendenhall: I believe that.
Kostadis Roussos: 270 named NPCs.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, it was too many.
Kostadis Roussos: It was sprawling on an epic scale.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, and we didn't do, like, 90% of what was available.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, we did quite a bit. We did a lot more than… what we didn't do was we didn't do the, giant quests.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, we did one… we did one of the four…
David Mendenhall: One of them.
Kostadis Roussos: Which is what you're supposed to do. Like, the module only calls for one of the four to be done.
Kostadis Roussos: So you don't have to do all four.
David Mendenhall: Well, but there were all those locations on the map that we never went to.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, but they were not particularly interesting locations.
Gary Young: Yeah, someone said, skip to the end, the wing, please.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, somebody said, I'm bored.
David Mendenhall: Man and wife. Same man and wife.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on, I'm looking at Velphia's character sheet instead of, Soma's.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: That has a minus 1 on religion.
David Mendenhall: I'm gonna roll Soma.
David Mendenhall: Summer gets…
David Mendenhall: Hmm.
David Mendenhall: Soma got a zero.
David Mendenhall: Then we got a natural one.
Gary Young: on religion.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, okay, so did anybody get… did you all get really bad rolls? That's what I…
David Mendenhall: I got a 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, Valfine recognized it as a summoning ritual.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah, you would recognize that in this Animate Dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Just in case you're wondering.
Gary Young: I've decided against Animate Dead.
David Mendenhall: I wonder who they're summoning.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you'll find out.
David Mendenhall: No, we won't.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you may or may not. You see, you never know how these virtuals work, really.
David Mendenhall: Alright, I'm gonna cast Silence.
David Mendenhall: And I, once again, have no, like, connection to the board, so… but I am casting silence on whoever it is is chanting.
David Mendenhall: And if that is unknown, then the two spellcasters.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Just make sure. I think you can actually interrupt the ritual.
David Mendenhall: Definitely.
Kostadis Roussos: No, actually, mechanically, I don't think that's what… how it works.
Kostadis Roussos: I, like, that's, like, actually, I was just looking through the instructions.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just trying to confirm it.
David Mendenhall: Is there no vocal component to the, ritual?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I know why it hasn't happened.
Kostadis Roussos: That's interesting. Can the ritual be terminated? No, it doesn't appear to be. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: They're each dancing.
David Mendenhall: Awesome.
Kostadis Roussos: They're dense.
David Mendenhall: I mean, if there's no vocal component, there's whole person, that's also an option.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just telling you what they're doing.
David Mendenhall: in person?
Kostadis Roussos: I have… I'm… give me a second, I, like, they literally do not account for that.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, alright, I now know how the ritual works. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I now know what triggers the summoning. Okay. Alright.
David Mendenhall: Okay, guys, do you want me to go with silence or hold person?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, before you do anything, can someone tell me what the… did we roll initiatives? No, we did not roll initiatives.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so why don't we roll initiatives?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that didn't work.
Kostadis Roussos: 20.
Kostadis Roussos: I officially reached that point where I have too many sheets of… I have too many browsers open.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Same here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Walker then.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, initiative tracker.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, and correct.
David Mendenhall: Soma needs an initiative roll, here we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you see that?
David Mendenhall: I'm like, it's a 13.
Kostadis Roussos: Uncle Wright.
Kostadis Roussos: So you're in that creative tone.
David Mendenhall: It's a… it's a plus 7. Wow, okay, we can do that one.
Kostadis Roussos: Is he, really?
David Mendenhall: That's what it says, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
David Mendenhall: Following what it says.
Kostadis Roussos: He's only got 13… you're gonna let him get killed? Like, just… just as you…
Gary Young: combatant.
David Mendenhall: Who's getting killed?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying.
David Mendenhall: We're saving them!
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, God.
David Mendenhall: Bony has a zero, so you can roll Boney.
Kostadis Roussos: Processing.
Gary Young: step forward.
David Mendenhall: 19…
Kostadis Roussos: What'd you say?
Gary Young: Krutha is a camp follower.
Kostadis Roussos: I… no, no, Ruth… he's a ruthless warrior of.
David Mendenhall: Rufa, he's not hanging out in camp, he must have fight!
David Mendenhall: I'll protect him.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: For the glory of Ozander.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. I mean, don't forget, he's very much committed.
David Mendenhall: For the Order of the gauntlet.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know whether you want to keep saying that in front of Rubberry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Why?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, there was a whole awkward, like, war between the Order of the Gauntlet and the Barbarians and the Lord's Alliance, where, you know, after the tragic events involving a certain group of adventurers who stole.
David Mendenhall: Sir Karen said it was all a big misunderstanding.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I don't think Blueberry cares about politics, anyway. All that is in his fuzzy mind is, you know, what is he gonna drink next, and when?
Kostadis Roussos: Especially since you.
David Mendenhall: Drinking does have an effect on your long-term memory.
Kostadis Roussos: Most importantly of all, we've established that Blueberry did… used to discover… didn't start drinking until after he entered civilization, and he discovered that there is actually tastier alcohol.
David Mendenhall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: BV.
David Mendenhall: the.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm just… forward to the U.
David Mendenhall: Rule and camp was not very good.
Kostadis Roussos: What'd you say?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I think we have to roll each other. I think we have to roll, my friend.
David Mendenhall: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, silence the whole person. Do we hear any chanting?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you don't. No, you don't.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So they're like, what, a pantomime club?
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm 18.
David Mendenhall: Ruth.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you rolled an 18, I have to roll it again, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Oops.
David Mendenhall: 1.4.
Kostadis Roussos: 19. I win.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: 1.19, lucky you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Anybody else need to roll?
David Mendenhall: Roll the twig, too? You wanna roll the twig?
Kostadis Roussos: No, he can be lost.
David Mendenhall: Alright, Brewberry, you have a roll-off as well.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Roll of what? Sorry.
David Mendenhall: You have to roll initiative again.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: skin. Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Because of…
David Mendenhall: roll off.
Kostadis Roussos: We do that.
David Mendenhall: When there's a tie.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 10.
Kostadis Roussos: I gotta love it.
David Mendenhall: 0.10.
Kostadis Roussos: 11.12.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
David Mendenhall: You won all the ties.
Kostadis Roussos: Happens every so often. Alright.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so I've not cast silence because we're following initiative order, alright?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: is, is…
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Gary Young: is, is required in, like, in the tanking position?
David Mendenhall: Always Where else would I be?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: is the bar. Isn't that the logical move?
Kostadis Roussos: Does McCraden see musicians and think to himself, musical performance, and that he needs to either stop the musical performance because it's grating on his nerves, or…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: dancing. It's like, you know, it's an audience.
Kostadis Roussos: Is he seeing this dancing as offensive, problematic, or does he view it simply as a ritual that needs to be stopped?
David Mendenhall: Dude, I'm just thinking about the 50 GP I'm gonna get for.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair enough.
David Mendenhall: We're killing off the half-orcs.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, alright, alright, so, Twigby Light 1.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I think we should play the charm Garden, you know, you should try to…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Give them some music while they're dancing, see how they react.
David Mendenhall: I might, yeah. We'll see what happens when we get to my initial.
Kostadis Roussos: Dash… it dashes over here, right? It's next.
Kostadis Roussos: And the spreadsheet.
David Mendenhall: Two twigs and an anchorite.
David Mendenhall: The startup of a joke. Two twigs and an anchor, eight, walk into a circle.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, God.
Kostadis Roussos: that you had to go there. It's funny, though.
Kostadis Roussos: And then number 12… That's a job.
Gary Young: To go there.
David Mendenhall: It's our job to go there.
Kostadis Roussos: They're all bashing towards you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so now one of the anchorites.
Kostadis Roussos: Notices you because the twigs notice you.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Gary Young: So we have rolled stealth.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, the half-orc is charging. The orc, Prutha is charging, because, you know, he hates the anchorites for, you know, killing his…
Kostadis Roussos: Blah blah blah, and now he feels…
David Mendenhall: Well, he's not up yet. He's in the.
Kostadis Roussos: I was trying to answer the stuff thing.
David Mendenhall: Oh, he's not gonna do stealth. I got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Unless you, like, roll up persuasion.
Kostadis Roussos: more intimidating.
David Mendenhall: No, no, no.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I'm…
David Mendenhall: Here to kill the half-orcs. We were sent by the centaur to do a job.
Kostadis Roussos: And there's honest gold at the end of it.
David Mendenhall: Indeed, there is.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, just want to make sure that we're all on the same page. Okay,
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, this guy needs a number, but this guy called this man number one.
Kostadis Roussos: What is kind of do.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, how does this work? Okay. Was incorrect number 2?
Kostadis Roussos: Craig number 2 goes to…
Kostadis Roussos: And, you know, he does that light bulb thing that they do.
David Mendenhall: I got a 20 on my savings, bro.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Still got hit by a lightning bolt. Alright.
David Mendenhall: That's what the hit points are for.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know. I'm just…
David Mendenhall: Hopefully I have enough of them.
Kostadis Roussos: Hopefully it doesn't.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
David Mendenhall: It's nice that we're all lined up, you know, in a perfect line there.
David Mendenhall: That's convenient for him.
Kostadis Roussos: knows.
Kostadis Roussos: I was kind of, like, going, is this really what you guys are doing?
David Mendenhall: That's okay, you're gonna be making some wisdom saves real soon now.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: He's gonna go this way.
Kostadis Roussos: Does he… okay, yes, so he will hit the three of you. Alright, the three of you need to make some improves.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't need to…
David Mendenhall: much damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, let me get to that. Other people have to make saving throws.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is it Wisdom Siving Throws?
Kostadis Roussos: No dexterity.
David Mendenhall: decks.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 6.30.
Kostadis Roussos: 31 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so, 15.
Kostadis Roussos: At Belfina takes 31.
Kostadis Roussos: Dc13, I believe.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, so how many… how many points of damage? 31.
Kostadis Roussos: 12… 12… DC12, sorry, I take it back.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, so half of that.
Gary Young: Can I add my, my blesss and…
David Mendenhall: You can, yes, you can. If you missed it, go ahead and add it, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, we'll definitely add it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Can we round up or down on the damage?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's not.
David Mendenhall: Round down. You round down on damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, thank you.
Gary Young: Well, I had a 10 plus 2 ones.
Kostadis Roussos: What's the two loans from?
Gary Young: One is from my thing, and one is from the Bardik Inspiration.
David Mendenhall: You made it.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wow.
Kostadis Roussos: You rolled one twice out of 2 out of 12.
David Mendenhall: A 1 in 400 chance, but you nailed… you nailed it.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, it's not one 400 chance, it's one in.
David Mendenhall: 400.
Kostadis Roussos: Is it? D4 plus a D8?
David Mendenhall: Oh, oh, it's D40… oh, it's not D20s, I'm sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: ones.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, so the anchorite does that. Let's see if he does anything else…
David Mendenhall: 32.
David Mendenhall: Anything else?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yeah, I need to take just because…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, am I the only one thinking we're gonna get our pet kicked here?
David Mendenhall: Yes, you are, because you have forgotten.
David Mendenhall: All the things at our disposal.
David Mendenhall: 60 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Run is up?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, we'll cry themselves.
David Mendenhall: Croton is up.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: And we will cost, third level hold person on the two anchorites.
David Mendenhall: Make 2… Wisdom saves DC15.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see what this guy's, saying with those.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair enough.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, they're both paralleled.
David Mendenhall: They are both paralyzed. Awesome.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright…
David Mendenhall: And then, once I've done that, I will use my remaining movement to retreat.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Spare place.
David Mendenhall: Twig 4.
Kostadis Roussos: The twigs… the twigs are charging.
Kostadis Roussos: 24.
Kostadis Roussos: B.
Kostadis Roussos: So the twig charges… Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Next.
Kostadis Roussos: Is, Boney.
David Mendenhall: Boney, can you go beat up, Frozen Anchorite?
Kostadis Roussos: One… I guess, say.
Kostadis Roussos: He can rush up to the frozen egg, right? I don't know if you.
David Mendenhall: But not attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I don't think you can attack.
David Mendenhall: Mmm, it's got, like, movement.
Gary Young: 60, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Does he?
Gary Young: I think so.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, so you shouldn't have to dash.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay. Did he give it… did he create a character sheet for this guy?
David Mendenhall: No.
Kostadis Roussos: I did, actually, but he doesn't… he hasn't shared it with me. I'll tell him to share it with me.
Kostadis Roussos: Shall I pester him and say, share me the character sheet?
David Mendenhall: No, he said he's going to sleep.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Maybe he's still… maybe he's awake. Maybe he wants to play D&D, but he's, like, feeling guilty that if he does, he might… we might all catch COVID, because he was traumatized by the great COVID scare of 2035.
David Mendenhall: Well, he said he was going to sleep, but…
Kostadis Roussos: I know, I know, I'm not… I'm not gonna text him, just… I'm being silly here. Alright,
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, yeah. D6, two… what is it? A longsword, two-handed, that's what he attacks with, so I'm assuming…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what is two-handed attack with a longsword?
Kostadis Roussos: 1D10.
Kostadis Roussos: He strikes with a 1D7.
David Mendenhall: Well, did you hit?
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, should have rolled ahead.
David Mendenhall: Got a world to hit.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, he misses… he hits… he misses… he hits one…
David Mendenhall: He should have advantage, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and I'm assuming that he has enough… he has more than a plus 2 to hit.
David Mendenhall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So…
David Mendenhall: AutoCrypt.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so, 2 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: That's with AutoCrit?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, I mean, I doubled it, I didn't roll twice. 5 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
David Mendenhall: I'm a… On Anchorite 2, alright, down to 46.
David Mendenhall: Alright, twigs 10 and 11.
Kostadis Roussos: It's 10, 11…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: tweaked in…
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Kruta?
Kostadis Roussos: What time?
Kostadis Roussos: He's, I guess, gonna go charge the anchorite.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, he should… he should definitely attack Anchorite 2.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I cried, too.
Gary Young: That's a… that's a double move.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let me lose.
Gary Young: seems angry enough at them that would be in character.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he charges at them.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, I think he may have a ranged weapon, you might actually throw his ranged weapon and walk. Yeah, he has a javelin, so he throws a javelin.
David Mendenhall: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just see, is he hit with the gentleman?
Kostadis Roussos: Sweat.
Kostadis Roussos: I hit first, oh, hold on, I need to do that twice. Oh, poor double damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, but it's a melee attack, not a ranged attack, right?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, but I mean, you rolled a 20 anyway. Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: That is true. No, no, but I don't get advantage then.
David Mendenhall: Don't think that's how it works.
Kostadis Roussos: Have it over here.
David Mendenhall: Conditions… I think it applies either way, I'm checking.
David Mendenhall: Attack rolls… attack rolls have advantage.
Kostadis Roussos: All attack rolls. Yeah, all attack rolls, okay. So, alright, 36 plus 3. 11 points of damage.
Gary Young: Okay, got it.
David Mendenhall: But it's not an auto… it's not an auto-crit unless it's melee.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, ranged, ranged attacks don't have auto…
Kostadis Roussos: That's what I was remembering.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, range attacks don't have autocorrect.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he kind of moves over there.
David Mendenhall: Okay, awesome. What's next? Twig3.
Kostadis Roussos: Twin, 3… Well, twig 3…
Kostadis Roussos: 3 shows up over here, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Next.
David Mendenhall: Tomo.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Soma. Oh, Soma does her thing.
David Mendenhall: Emma does her bear thing, and goes and…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, she doesn'.
David Mendenhall: fear or something.
Kostadis Roussos: No, she doesn't do bear anymore, she does elk.
Gary Young: Spider thing, right?
David Mendenhall: Oh, don't you? Elk's greater than bear?
Kostadis Roussos: She does.
Kostadis Roussos: Soma Elk.
Kostadis Roussos: So she is now. So Malk.
Kostadis Roussos: And now I have to find out what a giant elk does.
David Mendenhall: Charges a paralyzed anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I'm Yaz, but I have to know how much damage it actually does, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Try and dock.
Kostadis Roussos: Damn.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Attack roll D6. Alright, melee attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, Ryan, he, she charges at it? That's her movement rate, 60 feet? Okay, so she goes… she goes, over here, 10 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: And she charges straight at it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So, because she charged, she does… That's mirror.
Kostadis Roussos: She does.
Kostadis Roussos: Should I shoot 11? Oh, this is a melee, right? This is it, so I have to roll twice with it?
David Mendenhall: This is melee, so it'll auto-correct, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a RDD20. Let's see, do I need to check? Okay, she hits. So, it does.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there's a lot of damage here.
Kostadis Roussos: 2d…
David Mendenhall: more than 35?
Kostadis Roussos: 4D6 plus 4.
Kostadis Roussos: Nice. 44… no, that's 2D4, that's not Patrick's Radiant Damage.
Kostadis Roussos: And then there's one more thing.
Kostadis Roussos: That's the attack. No, so those are… this is not part of the attack, so it takes almost another 2D form.
David Mendenhall: You want me to roll it? 4D6?
Kostadis Roussos: I think I… So it's… sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: 4D6… I got it. 4D6 plus 3… plus 44.
Kostadis Roussos: 25 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: 25.
David Mendenhall: Down to 10 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's next?
David Mendenhall: Belfina, you want to finish it off?
Gary Young: I'm gonna move, as far as I can, and… Which is, I think, here.
Gary Young: And then… Is that right?
Gary Young: Yeah, I can't think of any forewarned, right? Okay, and Spirit Granites?
David Mendenhall: Hmm. Excellent.
David Mendenhall: What's the range on that? 20 feet?
Gary Young: 15 foot radius.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so you get the two twigs?
Gary Young: Nope.
David Mendenhall: Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: bust.
David Mendenhall: And, looks like they're dead, even if they made their saving throws.
David Mendenhall: So that… which twigs are those?
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Perfect.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, what's next?
Gary Young: Which ones were those?
Kostadis Roussos: for the firm.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, one… it's 1, 2… Let me just see…
Kostadis Roussos: 3 was… 3 is one of them.
Gary Young: I guess it's the ones with the highest initiative.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Just remove…
Kostadis Roussos: 3 is definitely one of them.
Gary Young: free, okay?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And 12. Oh, 12's not gone.
David Mendenhall: 3 and 12.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: 3… And…
Kostadis Roussos: Maybe I can get… maybe I could get them back on the board. Yes, 3 and 4. There we go.
David Mendenhall: Mean 4, okay.
David Mendenhall: Nice.
Gary Young: I set the quiz to zero, but .
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, who's up next?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I think that would be neat.
David Mendenhall: Anchorite 1 gets a saving throw to…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, yes.
David Mendenhall: himself.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: DC15, if I remember correctly.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. And he blows it again.
David Mendenhall: He blows it, and he is still held.
Kostadis Roussos: No, why is she over here? She should still be over here.
David Mendenhall: That's so agree.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm gonna go into Rage…
David Mendenhall: Nice.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm gonna move, within range for me to throw my… Elemental Cleaver.
David Mendenhall: Whoa.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What's that? What is that?
Kostadis Roussos: Is that… is that a new ability of yours?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Whoa, I don't know, it's on my character sheet.
David Mendenhall: Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, do it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I can throw my end axe with a 1d6 damage bonus.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And it… if I miss, or if it hits, it reappears magically to my hand.
David Mendenhall: Nice.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What… what is this? What… no, that's… sorry, that's just the ear, sorry, I messed up.
David Mendenhall: You have advantage on the attack.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's just the extra damage. I have advantage, okay. How do I run with advantage? It's shift, yes.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, whole shit.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's the… it's the end house.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What the… okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Why did you roll two D20s?
David Mendenhall: Okay, so you hit with and did 10 damage?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: plus the… yeah, 8 plus 2, that's 10, plus, does it… does this have the rage damage? No, right?
David Mendenhall: No, but we only needed 10 damage. He's dead.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Good job.
David Mendenhall: Debt.
Gary Young: Wow, this Elemental Cleaver is pretty good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you're killing…
David Mendenhall: Twigs 6, 5, 7, 2, 9, and 8.
Kostadis Roussos: what is it? Six?
David Mendenhall: 657298.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll attack… I'll attack, Soma.
Kostadis Roussos: Because she's about the only thing we can't attack.
Kostadis Roussos: And… What's their armor class?
David Mendenhall: 17?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know. That's a hit.
Gary Young: If you want to, teleport next to,
Gary Young: Soma, you can do that now, too.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I can't.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay. Why?
Gary Young: To block ahead.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: But, I mean, how can I tell?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, because he's got… that's what the Clerics of Peace can do.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
David Mendenhall: He's teleporting you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, sure.
Gary Young: reaction, but .
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… I guess you'd teleport… I don't know where you can teleport to, though, there's, like, no place for you to teleport.
Gary Young: To teleport to an unoccupied space within 5 feet of the creature.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, of the creature you're defending, that would be over here.
Gary Young: Creature you're defending, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, the creature attacking couldn't hit Blueberry from there.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What if I come here?
Gary Young: It didn't say…
Kostadis Roussos: Dude… I'm sorry, man, it's… there has to be some physics here, alright?
Gary Young: Okay, sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I just, like…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What if I teleport on top of the skeletal holes? That'd be cool.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
David Mendenhall: Run to the horse, like you're riding.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, onto the… yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: No, dude, you might, like, hold on, just be… they're going to attack from other angles, there will be other opportunities. This particular attack didn't work out.
David Mendenhall: Here's time.
Kostadis Roussos: is just, just, like, okay, that's a mess.
Kostadis Roussos: So that's a vibe.
Kostadis Roussos: 5. Mrs.
Kostadis Roussos: 7.
Kostadis Roussos: 7, 7… this is… It is to-do.
David Mendenhall: How much damage do they do?
Kostadis Roussos: They do very little, they do 3 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: I'm not gonna worry too much about it, then.
Kostadis Roussos: 9…
Kostadis Roussos: 8.
Gary Young: If I read this literally, it implies that the… the attack has to hit.
Gary Young: can be… You know, doing damage to actually trigger.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okey-dokey.
David Mendenhall: Oh, wow, that's cool.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: You take all the damage.
Gary Young: Which is good for rage with damage reduction.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so did anybody take damage?
Kostadis Roussos: No, Summer took 2 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: Which then went to brewberry instead.
Kostadis Roussos: No, because there was no way for Blueberry to teleport in such a way that the other creature could hit him.
David Mendenhall: That's not what it says, though.
Kostadis Roussos: And I know…
Kostadis Roussos: Unoccupied of the five… so the problem is, the only places he can appear is there and there.
Kostadis Roussos: And there. This guy cannot physically attack those creatures.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the ruling I'm saying is that, yes, the attack can go to the guy if the other guy can actually attack the other one.
David Mendenhall: Okay, you're modifying the rule. Okay.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
David Mendenhall: So 3 on SOMA.
Gary Young: It's like using a bonus action to get a, you know, like, a free 30 front move, so, like, it's…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, kinda.
Gary Young: No.
David Mendenhall: Soma's at 48.
David Mendenhall: Yeah. Okay. Twigs 1 and 12.
Kostadis Roussos: Twigs 1 and 12.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, comes this way… And Higg.
Kostadis Roussos: Altune 12 just attacks… Soma, but this is when you can use your thing if the creature attacks.
Kostadis Roussos: So, misses. But if it had hit, you could have used your teleportation, and it would have hit Blueberry.
Gary Young: Okay, should we move Rubbery back where he was originally, then?
David Mendenhall: No, he's good. No, leave him there.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: He couldn't… well, he wasn't there, he was… that was a teleportation that didn't hap… need… couldn't… didn't happen.
David Mendenhall: Yes. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Nice. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: This was when we were futzing around with teleportations. Alright. Twig number one.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, since attacking.
Gary Young: No, he doesn't like the spirit card.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, funny you should mention that, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, 12 attacks, so… Mrs. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Avukriddin.
Kostadis Roussos: A little crowded in Europe.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I'm up. I don't even know what to do. I guess I will…
Gary Young: Not stack up on a line?
David Mendenhall: Yes, I will starry wisp the other anchorite at 60 feet.
David Mendenhall: I need to get 10 feet closer.
David Mendenhall: Oh, I need to get another 5 feet closer. Where am I gonna go? I'm gonna have to go…
David Mendenhall: Here… Now I've used 20 feet of movement.
David Mendenhall: So then I can Starry Wisp him, which is plus 7 to hit.
David Mendenhall: That's 25, plus I would have had advantage anyway.
David Mendenhall: And how much damage do I do?
David Mendenhall: 14 damage.
David Mendenhall: on anchorites.
David Mendenhall: He is hit for 14.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Okay, and do I have any movement left? What's my movement? 30…
David Mendenhall: I've used 25, I guess I'll move there.
David Mendenhall: And… Twig 4 is up.
Kostadis Roussos: Big 4.
Kostadis Roussos: Where is Twig4? No, Twig4 was one of the ones that died.
David Mendenhall: Yep.
David Mendenhall: I'm gonna delete him this time.
David Mendenhall: Boney is up.
Kostadis Roussos: Boney.
Kostadis Roussos: Voney attacks Twig1.
Kostadis Roussos: Don Bonie.
Kostadis Roussos: It's the twig.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Does 8 points of damage and kills the twig.
David Mendenhall: Which one?
Kostadis Roussos: One.
David Mendenhall: click one.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Twigs 10 and 11.
David Mendenhall: Yep.
Gary Young: 11's really hanging out there in the back.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know.
Kostadis Roussos: Twig, okay, on 11.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know why we forgot him last time, it doesn't matter.
Kostadis Roussos: Did I do that last time? I don't know. Not important. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: 40. Alright, 40 feet. He runs over there. Okay.
David Mendenhall: And we had Lightning Bolt.
Kostadis Roussos: Prutha the Orc.
David Mendenhall: Ruth of the Orc.
David Mendenhall: You wanna go fight that anchorite, Pritha?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he'd have to go through the twig blades, but yes, he will go through the twig blades. He charges there, I presume.
Gary Young: That seems pretty good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, alright, he rolls to hit.
Kostadis Roussos: And kills the twig.
Gary Young: It's like 2?
Kostadis Roussos: What do I keep doing? Twig 2, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Soma. Soma.
David Mendenhall: Oh, my…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so now she's sort of surrounded by all these creatures.
David Mendenhall: Why don't you kill the twigs on the left?
David Mendenhall: Kiltwig's on the left, and Elphina can go to the right.
Gary Young: I'm gonna use my Spirit Guardians and kill all of them.
David Mendenhall: Are you gonna be able… do you have enough movement to hit all of them?
Gary Young: I can do a double move.
David Mendenhall: Oh yeah, right.
David Mendenhall: So soon they will all be dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, I feel like it's one attack, but it's a big one.
Kostadis Roussos: Boom.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, she hits, she kills.
David Mendenhall: Which one?
Kostadis Roussos: I have to first roll to see if she hit.
Kostadis Roussos: She killed one.
David Mendenhall: Number 11?
Kostadis Roussos: Number one, I think. Number one.
Gary Young: Number one.
David Mendenhall: There is no number one. One's dead.
David Mendenhall: Number 11.
Kostadis Roussos: No, number 12.
David Mendenhall: Number 12.
David Mendenhall: Alright, Valfina, you wanna kill the rest?
Gary Young: Alright, so… 15… Assuming.
David Mendenhall: You do well enough damage.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, nominally, you only have to do, like, 4 points of damage, so could you roll damage so we can, like… no, I actually have to do 9 to automatically kill them.
David Mendenhall: Or 8. 8 or 9.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that's fair, the internet.
Kostadis Roussos: Apparently, you did not.
Gary Young: minimum damage.
David Mendenhall: Classic, classic clutch move there. Now we get to roll saves.
Kostadis Roussos: He rolled, 8, number 1 8?
David Mendenhall: Jesus Christ, dude.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, jail.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Gary Young: So, number 8.
Gary Young: That's one hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: So then, that's 20 feet of movement.
Gary Young: 25… 30.
Gary Young: So then, 11, 5, and 6 have to roll saving throws.
Kostadis Roussos: What's your, saving… what's your save DC?
Gary Young: Yeah, good question.
David Mendenhall: They all saved.
Gary Young: safe.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, 2 of them saved.
Gary Young: 15.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, 2 of them saved. So 11 and 5 saved, 6 is dead.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: So then… I'll come this way.
Gary Young: 20… 25…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, they all died. Oh, they all died. Dude, if you got them, they all died.
David Mendenhall: Okay, those ones died, so 3 are left.
Kostadis Roussos: 3 hour left.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Brewery.
David Mendenhall: The brewery now does not have a direct line to the anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: No, but I… I do have a…
Kostadis Roussos: And again, blows their saving throw. These saving throws are not very good with the anchor.
David Mendenhall: No, they're not good with the wisdom Sipes.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make sure I didn't screw this one up in.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope, they didn't here. Definitely not very good with the whole saving throws.
David Mendenhall: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
David Mendenhall: Old Person is a very powerful spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it is.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, blueberry, you're up.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, I'm wondering where I can move to do some damage.
David Mendenhall: There's, there's a twig on the right there, and there are two twigs straight in front of you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, but I mean…
Gary Young: You can at least mute.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm in large form, so I can't really fit in that space, can I?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What's just, is that…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, but you also have an extra reach, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah. I mean, the only place where I could fit is here.
David Mendenhall: We have a 20-foot reach.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Terry, you have range.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, yeah, I can cleave them.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Probably.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, so let's do that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm over here.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And they are within range. Okay, so I still have my elemental cleaver, I don't have to throw it, I can just hit with it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And it, does acid damage. It's extra damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So let me roll my first attack. That's bad.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's horrible.
David Mendenhall: Hang on, hang on.
Gary Young: Partic Inspiration.
Gary Young: God bless.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, add a… add a D4, and if that's not enough, add a D8.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, 3, let me roll D4, T4…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, now I have here… Jesus Christ!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: N88.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, God.
David Mendenhall: See? It worked.
Kostadis Roussos: Totally.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So it's 8… 8 plus… no, that was 10. I rolled a 10, right, on the attack.
Gary Young: 17.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 11, 19, yes.
David Mendenhall: seem to hit. You hit.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So that hits, it's 8 damage, yeah, it's a kill, so if I get a bonus action…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Because I killed…
Gary Young: medic leave,
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, not even with that. I get… with Hugh, I get a bonus action when I kill with a mele weapon.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, owes…
Gary Young: Bonus action. Cleve will let it… let you do as a free action.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, alright, so let's do Cleve, then.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, but Cleave is with greataxe and halberd, and I just hit with my hand axe, so that doesn't work.
Gary Young: Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So I've got my other… I get the bonus action, so let's roll that on the other one.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: There you go. Gone.
David Mendenhall: Gone.
David Mendenhall: So which two did he kill?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 1 and 5, it says on the board, and I still have another attack, because I get 2 attacks per…
David Mendenhall: One is what, 11?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So I can reach…
Kostadis Roussos: 11…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I can reach the one on the right, okay, so let's do that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, bad roll.
Kostadis Roussos: With my last breath, I spit on thee.
David Mendenhall: Add the D4, add the D4, don't forget.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I can do that multiple times.
David Mendenhall: Oh, you can only do it once per round?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so the only one that's left is which number?
David Mendenhall: 8. 8. Okay, I will remove the others.
David Mendenhall: Alright, food crotting is up.
David Mendenhall: Got a little loop here…
David Mendenhall: Roll to hit with advantage.
David Mendenhall: That's a hit.
David Mendenhall: Only 8 damage this time.
David Mendenhall: Down to 29… Boney? Boney, you could smoke them if you got them.
Kostadis Roussos: What'd you say? Boney?
David Mendenhall: Tony can take a chill. Prutha?
Kostadis Roussos: Broni says I can't fit through any of these open.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah, why don't you retreat, Boney?
Kostadis Roussos: But so loud.
Gary Young: Kate.
David Mendenhall: Some is not up yet.
Kostadis Roussos: I know, but someone might get injured if I'm not there to protect her.
David Mendenhall: Oh, funny. Okay.
David Mendenhall: Can you make it?
Kostadis Roussos: No, Bony… Boney kills… Boney kills the other one.
David Mendenhall: Oh.
David Mendenhall: Oh, I forgot about that guy. Sure, yeah, why not? Kill him.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Bony says, I do not. There is no.
David Mendenhall: your one point of damage. Thank you, Boney.
Kostadis Roussos: I did 7!
David Mendenhall: You only had to do one, though.
Kostadis Roussos: No, but I did 7.
David Mendenhall: He did 7.
David Mendenhall: Good job.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'd be very surprised if Boney can count.
David Mendenhall: Prusa?
Kostadis Roussos: Or did you just question Boney's camping skills?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, I did.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll have you note that Bodie is a talking horse.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, it's not accounting.
David Mendenhall: It's Mr. Ad.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's two different things.
Gary Young: They know the number of the counting.
David Mendenhall: The counting of the number is 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: We thought.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it's Prutha.
Kostadis Roussos: Do the charges.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, I stand corrected, we did not get our pet kicked.
David Mendenhall: I told you, man.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's the opposite.
David Mendenhall: person!
Kostadis Roussos: Or the win.
David Mendenhall: Wait, OP.
Kostadis Roussos: Not okay.
Gary Young: And Spirit Guardians for the…
David Mendenhall: Spirit Guardian.
Gary Young: zoom in.
David Mendenhall: Even when you roll minimum damage.
Kostadis Roussos: As a bonus action, yeah, so he runs up to it and hits her with, hits the creature with a greataxe, doing 9 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: Plus critical damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Ugh, bring about…
Kostadis Roussos: Similar to D12.
Kostadis Roussos: Or… 13 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: 13 total?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, sir?
David Mendenhall: Go down to 16… Oma?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Soma. Soma's like, I can't…
David Mendenhall: How are you gonna get in the circle, Selma?
David Mendenhall: Jeez.
Kostadis Roussos: She prowls. Oh, she could cast Moonbeam.
David Mendenhall: Well, she could.
Kostadis Roussos: She, she prowls around, she, she sort of.
David Mendenhall: Fire is a spell slot, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: They're just gonna just prowl around.
David Mendenhall: Alright, Belfina?
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, you know what Soma does? She, pushes down one of these Stonehenge tablet… these Stonehenge thingies.
David Mendenhall: Oh… oh, maybe that's part of the ritual. That's a good idea.
Gary Young: Is this an… is this an anchorite hinge, or is it a Druid hinge that has been repurposed by the anchorites?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if you spoke elk, you would know.
David Mendenhall: Alright, I like the idea of knocking it over.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's a very technical question.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, hold on.
Gary Young: It's very druidic to me.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wait, so… so, hold on. Gary, is… are you asking, or is Valfinha asking?
Kostadis Roussos: Like, are you asking in character, or you're just asking me because you're curious?
Gary Young: Alfina Cares. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that… okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Did I just…
Gary Young: Curious.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, in that case, no, it's a repurposed, druidic ritual.
Gary Young: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, she, smashes this down.
Kostadis Roussos: And… advances. No, she actually doesn't advance. She's, like, preparing to ram it the next round.
Gary Young: Okay, so it's my turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Valfina, can you do 16 points of damage?
Kostadis Roussos: Valvina, you know you can also do an attack. You don't…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, okay, that worked.
Gary Young: You can go Spirit Guardian.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You don't have to get so close.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold out.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Don't get too close.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, I just realized something, just as an FYI. He can only name up to a certain number of characters for Spirit Guardians, for Spirit Guardians. We didn't do it this term, but Spirit Guardians, he can't protect
Kostadis Roussos: You could only protect up to a number of people, I believe.
David Mendenhall: Or is a limit to how many you can choose not to injure?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: We didn't do it this time, and it didn't matter, but I'm just saying, just keep that… I think there is a limit.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, you can designate, it doesn't say you can designate up to.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I misread it.
David Mendenhall: Any number of creatures.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it doesn't.
David Mendenhall: As long as you can see them.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: That is the important detail.
Kostadis Roussos: And Kruti…
David Mendenhall: So, how much damage did you do with Spirit Guardians?
David Mendenhall: 11?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, it's gonna auto-fail, so he's down to 5, and do you want to do an attack, too?
Gary Young: That's a wisdom save. While held, that's not necessarily a fail.
Kostadis Roussos: I still rolled a 10… I still rolled a 10, so it doesn't matter.
Gary Young: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I've fought with Spirit Guardians, I mean, I'm reading the description. It doesn't systematically deal damage when you move the area to them. They have to move into it, or start their turn into it.
Kostadis Roussos: It depends which version of the rules you're reading.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Oh, they only fail Strength and Dex, I see.
Gary Young: So, I rolled my mace, and .
David Mendenhall: Or… 4 plus critical damage will be enough.
David Mendenhall: Dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: Plus one strength, so…
David Mendenhall: Good job, team!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: Good job.
Kostadis Roussos: Yay!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on, I have some.
David Mendenhall: Cold Person FTW.
Gary Young: I believe my, my, my battle cry is, die ye then.
Kostadis Roussos: it goes. The chant that had been going on for a while now has stopped, but the storm above does know… doesn't know that yet.
Kostadis Roussos: It keeps gathering for one or more heartbeat, two, and then comes apart. The clouds peel back from the hinge in a slow, reluctant spiral, like something exhaling. Their pressure in your ears drops, the ozone smell fades to wet leaves and old drain. The standing stones…
Kostadis Roussos: Which had been fun… humming faintly, go inert. But, there's no thunderclap.
Kostadis Roussos: The two boarhead masks have rolled free of the bodies. Beneath them are half-orc faces, younger than you expected. One of them has tattoos running up his necks.
Kostadis Roussos: Storm clouds and coiling spirals, each one with an open eye. The other has different boar tusks crossed, repeated down both forearms, different markings, same hand, ink them.
Kostadis Roussos: You notice a deer at the center that has blinds split open from throat to belly. Its heart is gone, where the heart should be is a hand-sized hollow of black, glassy material. Not stone, not metal, cool to the touch, faintly humming the way stones were humming a minute ago.
Gary Young: You, you said a deer?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Corpse. Dear corpse.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Here's a Victory quote from Blueberry.
Kostadis Roussos: Deers. Deer as in deer, not as in ear, right? The deer, the animal with antlers?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, just want to make sure. Alright, you find on the anchorite, clubs, hide armor, and holy symbols of Talos.
David Mendenhall: I'll take those.
Gary Young: The holy symbols of Telos.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay. You were gonna say something?
David Mendenhall: Whoa, whoa, whoa, what are you doing?
Gary Young: What?
Gary Young: Tell us. I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: I just… before… while you are arguing with him…
David Mendenhall: Yours to destroy.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: lights, The God of Destruction anyway, so it's destroyed.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just be clear. While you're arguing with Valfine, Prutha destroys them.
David Mendenhall: Oh, boom, boop! God.
David Mendenhall: Aretha, we need to have a conversation about… Conflict-free goal.
Kostadis Roussos: Sure, try to operate.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Are you trying to reason with an orc?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm very…
David Mendenhall: Very persuasive. Let's see how persuasive I am. I don't care how persuasive.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: This was the view often.
David Mendenhall: I got a, a 17. Yeah, that'll see.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: York will even get it.
David Mendenhall: Or is it more of a performance, actually? You could say it's a performance, 17, either way.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You assume you would understand the concept. You know, that's what you would need to do first, to get convinced.
David Mendenhall: Why wouldn't we understand the concept?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: He's an… is an orc.
David Mendenhall: Are you a racist?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Go ahead.
Gary Young: In Orkish, good job through that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: What did we hear?
Gary Young: light.
Kostadis Roussos: What did you roll? Just… what do I have to beat?
David Mendenhall: I roll… I roll a 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what's up?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So what do you… what do you try to tell him?
David Mendenhall: Trying to explain to him… That… This is not…
David Mendenhall: We need to return these to the people who… Who, who owned them.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes…
David Mendenhall: It's a way to find… we need to find the… I'm sorry, we need to find the owners of these tal… of these.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you, points to the dead priests. We found owners. We give to them.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Exactly.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You're trying to explain the theory of religion.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: to a donkey.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, no.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Or even if you roll it.
Kostadis Roussos: Prutha's very pleased with himself. He feels that he has done exactly as you said.
David Mendenhall: You can find the yards. They're right here! I found them!
David Mendenhall: Okay, I'll let it go. We'll work on it. We'll work on it. At least he accepted that one, then we'll go the indirection comes next.
David Mendenhall: The process.
Gary Young: And put the holy symbol on the skull of the… of Inkrait, and with my mice.
Gary Young: Smash it.
Kostadis Roussos: Prutha's very pleased to see you smash the Telosian.
David Mendenhall: Selfina, you know better!
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary Young: I can't remember.
Kostadis Roussos: Amazon.
Kostadis Roussos: But yeah, well, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, please…
David Mendenhall: You're not trying to sell them.
David Mendenhall: At least we got past that.
Gary Young: Should sell holy symbols of Author, I mean… There we go.
David Mendenhall: Oh yeah, that's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Those come from the charity.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on, hold on.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I mean, what were you gonna do with them, anyway?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Open a Talos Gift Shop?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Gary Young: Hold on, hold on.
Gary Young: It's entrapment.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, oh, you do also find a le- you find on… The other anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: A leather thong with a single boar tusk inscribed with a glyph.
David Mendenhall: Sorry, a leather thong?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, with a binding glyph. Velphine, roll a religion check to see if you're able to recognize it.
David Mendenhall: Maybe I want to roll a real religious side.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a… It's a binding glyph called a leash.
Gary Young: Finding Cliff.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Sounds very S&M.
David Mendenhall: It does vary.
David Mendenhall: The thong, it's a leash, it binds you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Look at that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Gary Young: That sounds very useful.
Gary Young: I can put that in my sacraments.
Gary Young: Oh, shit.
Kostadis Roussos: Then, Prutha then turns to you, Valfine, and says, My, my uncle, Seidan, comes for everyone.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at them. Even these dolls… even these ones.
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: I did not. I do… Don, feel good.
Kostadis Roussos: Don feel very good.
Gary Young: Dawn is powerful.
Kostadis Roussos: He acknowledges the power by making suitable grunts and waving his axe.
Kostadis Roussos: And then.
David Mendenhall: did.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
David Mendenhall: What? I thought the… I thought the ritual was still going.
Kostadis Roussos: No, the virtual's over.
David Mendenhall: Virtual's over? Okay, nobody got summoned?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I did the… I did the research. I've read everything. I mean, you, you guys successfully stopped the ritual.
David Mendenhall: Huzzah!
Kostadis Roussos: You wanna go look around here?
Gary Young: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Why are we looking around? Let's go get the money.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is there any hint that there might be something to drink in this area? Otherwise, I'm not interested.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, I mean, you might want to… okay, it's up to you, do you want to go see what's going around?
David Mendenhall: Well, they were having a big party. I mean, you know, party, drank.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, yeah, that's right, yeah, that's a good clue. I'll look around. I'll search.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: For, for drinks.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: A good wine, a brew, whatever.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Anything that smells fermented.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… So, okay, so let me just tell you what happens. Okay, over here…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Do I need to roll investigation or something like that?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm going to…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you find a secret door over there.
Kostadis Roussos: There goes…
David Mendenhall: war.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, well, a secret sort of passageway. There's also these entries to these tunnels over here. There's one over here.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, yeah, that wasn't obvious. These are.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, I thought that was the gents.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You know, because you're doing the ritual, you may have a…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, I agree.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, right, so these are entrance… these are essentially entrances into caves.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
David Mendenhall: I mean, I… we came here to kill the spellcasters, the spellcasters are dead, I'm, you know…
David Mendenhall: You know, it's Miller time.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, that's what he… that…
David Mendenhall: That's what Bukraden says.
Kostadis Roussos: McCraden says.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, I'm curious. I'm, you know, I'm.
Kostadis Roussos: Excellent.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: into the cave.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's… I think that's…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: There's gotta be drinks around here, I mean, they were having a party.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Maybe they weren't chanting because their fruits were dry, yeah, because the drinks are underneath.
Kostadis Roussos: Anybody else going with him, or not?
Gary Young: Yeah, I am, but I got stuck somehow.
Gary Young: There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: There, there you go. Anybody else going with them?
David Mendenhall: Well, I mean, I'm not gonna abandon my friend, I just don't understand the point of this.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Prutha's, of course, following you, like a puppy.
Kostadis Roussos: Soma and Valfini… Soma and, sorry, and Boney sort of look outside and says, we'll stand watcher.
Kostadis Roussos: Because she really doesn't fit into that tunnel. Alright, Brewberry, you're going inside?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm thirsty.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, thirsty.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: a little careful, though. I think it's.
David Mendenhall: more dungeon than refrigerator? Just, you know, FYI?
Gary Young: It's a, it's a wine cellar.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Dungeon is fresh, it's, you know… yeah, exactly. So, it's possible.
David Mendenhall: There's still drinks in here. More dank than fresh, I would say.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's perfect. But I'm with you, man.
David Mendenhall: I gotta protect my fan.
Kostadis Roussos: And he's your number one fan, right?
David Mendenhall: OnlyFan.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you actually got lots of.
David Mendenhall: Oh, I have more fans now.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, the whole… didn't you… did you hear what happened at the Druid convention? Everybody was upset you left and didn't…
David Mendenhall: That's right, that's right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Those games have good acoustics, maybe it's time for a song.
Kostadis Roussos: Ever since you, changed your music style to be more cloud-based.
David Mendenhall: Oh, right, thanks for the reminder. Now, once I… once I sold out, Yeah.
David Mendenhall: I went mainstream.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, you didn't sell out, you realized that… what's the point of making music that people don't love?
David Mendenhall: Something like that.
Kostadis Roussos: No, actually, I do have it in my notes, it was actually.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: bang?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: The meat is over here. They were preparing for a barbecue, I can tell, there's a bowl. Look at this.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's gotta… it's gotta be beer.
David Mendenhall: If you want me to kill it, I can mock it for you. Should I mock… shall I mock it?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is it alive?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, there's a, there's a bore, it's sort of, it's, yeah, it's.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What was he doing in the corner of a cave?
David Mendenhall: save for the boar.
Kostadis Roussos: Why are you doing the wisdom save?
David Mendenhall: vicious mockery.
David Mendenhall: I'm mocking the boar.
Kostadis Roussos: You're trying to kill the boar?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: mock the ball.
David Mendenhall: I'm mocking it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Marking, or marking?
Kostadis Roussos: Marking, mocking.
David Mendenhall: mocking.
Gary Young: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: the boar has an armor… I mean, Soma's gonna be really upset over this, but okay, so…
David Mendenhall: It's not here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, she…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Vicious Markery, how much time, what is that? What do you do?
David Mendenhall: DC15 Wisdom Save.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Natural 20. Finally, I roll a hot…
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay. Well, my insult has no effect.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you actually.
David Mendenhall: Quite a war.
Kostadis Roussos: The bore, you know, is… I guess we roll for initiative.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Some action.
David Mendenhall: Sure. Yes.
David Mendenhall: The poor boar.
David Mendenhall: 23.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, 23… Oh, man.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: One bore.
Kostadis Roussos: Night.
Kostadis Roussos: Soma's kind of, like, wondering, should I, like, stop being an elk? But then she's like, no, you know, there doesn't seem to be anything going on. She hears Val Booker didn't do his thing, she's kind of assuming that it's, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Group didn't do it, and Grouker didn't nothing, you know, nothing too bad, nothing's going on.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he rolled a 20.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Current role…
David Mendenhall: off with Belfina, then.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I rolled a 20 again. Oh, did I?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: I rolled a 7, so… what did you roll? Belfine?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 18.
Kostadis Roussos: No, Belthina needs to re-roll.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, she did.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, easy.
David Mendenhall: 118.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I rolled 20.7, alright. Vukradin, you're up again.
David Mendenhall: Another DC-15 wisdom Save, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: 15, wisdom, this thing is minus 4, minus 1, so yes, it takes damage. How much damage?
David Mendenhall: 7.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it's down to 4 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Belfinay.
David Mendenhall: And Belfine.
Kostadis Roussos: Avina, you can walk in here, it's up to you.
Gary Young: Concentration up to 10 minutes, so I think Spirit Guardians is actually still… still in effect, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you kill it?
Gary Young: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: No, actually, actually, you would, you know, I mean, you want to kill it, but do you kill it? You need to do at least 8 points of damage.
Gary Young: You're doubting the power of my radiance.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: There we go, 15.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you now have a radiated pork meat.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Perfect for barbecue. Now, all we're missing are all the drinks. Let me… I'll resume my search for drinks.
David Mendenhall: Was that Thor a threat to us?
Gary Young: It was.
David Mendenhall: It was coming right for us.
Kostadis Roussos: Was this? Yes. Well, I mean, after you did the Vicious Mercury, it was.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, that wasn't very nice.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Just for the record.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Who?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Why would you insult the boar? The poor boar?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's mean.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: You're okay with boars, but orcs are just inherently evil.
Kostadis Roussos: You have an orc with you right now.
David Mendenhall: No, that's not what I'm saying.
David Mendenhall: brewery set.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, I was… I wasn't saying the orcs are evil, I was saying the orcs are dumb.
David Mendenhall: Oh, dumb.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Sorry, different things.
David Mendenhall: dumb.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm dumb, but he's dumber. It's, like, dumb and dumber.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, there's nothing in this cave. Let's beat it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there's a few more other caves if you want to check them out.
David Mendenhall: We did the whole cave.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's gonna be, what, more barbecue?
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: through this.
Kostadis Roussos: There might be meat, you never know, there might be stuff they left behind that Valfina Bucherton doesn't have to see.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I, I feel, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, there could be, there could be, there could be, there could be, donations to the local charity, Valfini?
David Mendenhall: Only if we can't find the rightful owner.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, you know, and who's… who… you know, finding the right flow nerve, maybe when the church uses it, it's not so much as taking possession of it, but stewardship.
Gary Young: Yeah, stewardship. Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, it's not like you're…
David Mendenhall: You know, it's more like a museum, right? Like, you can put it in a display case and you can look at it.
David Mendenhall: You cannot exploit it.
Kostadis Roussos: Well… Is it a sword that's not swung? Is it being treated with the respect that it deserves?
David Mendenhall: You sound like the Lord's Alliance.
Gary Young: Did anyone play Ultimate 7?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm no longer motivated to search the caves. I feel like the shortest path through a drink is probably just going back to the village, so…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, let's go to the village. That's where the money is, and we can use the money to buy drinks.
Gary Young: Wishport Caves.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Gary Young: tapes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Valfinia, would you like to look at the caves? The rest of them can, like, sort of, like… Soma, Soma's happy to come with you to look at the caves.
Gary Young: Oh, Soma is? Have a blueberry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Although, you know, again, I won't…
David Mendenhall: Both sides.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Bend and my friends, but…
David Mendenhall: Homas?
David Mendenhall: I mean,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you want to look at the other caves? Alright, we will go to the next cave. All right. This cave over here.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'll follow.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Looks like there's more bulls.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but these ones are tied up, so you don't have to actually kill them if you don't want to.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Can we insult them?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that's gonna start again causing the whole chaos and mayhem thing.
Gary Young: Boom.
David Mendenhall: Oh, are we up here now?
Gary Young: So you're saying we find more boars in here, and they're, like, penned up?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, hold on, but you also find something else here.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We could free the ball.
Gary Young: shoot first.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gary Young: Pawn did not shoot first, you're saying?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, hold on, give me one second.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, just to bring up my notes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. No, it's the wrong one again.
Kostadis Roussos: Carved into the lintel stone above the mouth is a picture of a boar.
Kostadis Roussos: Chasing after a stick figure humanoid.
David Mendenhall: These boar are dangerous.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm tempted to say this is boring.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you also find a satchel.
Gary Young: a satchel.
Gary Young: upholding.
Gary Young: Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not a satchel that you want to… and it has a… it's sealed with a wax sigil, a circle with a single vertical bore through it.
Gary Young: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: sealed with wax, I mean.
Gary Young: Let's…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I mean.
Gary Young: Central Wah, blah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you study the sigils?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Let's… let's be careful here.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see… Who studied the sigil, Arcana. It's, it's a,
Kostadis Roussos: It's the word I'm looking for. It's the symbol of Talos.
Gary Young: Oh, okay.
Gary Young: We should destroy the symbol.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, do you want to see what's inside before you destroy it, or just…
Gary Young: Destroy the symbol, and then open the satchel.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, since it's a wax, it's pretty simple. You break the wax, you know, it takes a few seconds.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, but with your die rolls, Valfinha, maybe we need to roll for that.
David Mendenhall: light of hand.
Gary Young: Period.
David Mendenhall: You.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Gary Young: do.
Kostadis Roussos: It, it doesn't…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What's D1?
David Mendenhall: Wouldn't be one. You broke a nail while cracking the wax.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay, and you find a,
Kostadis Roussos: you find some notes, and amongst all of the notes, you find three interesting sentences. The first one is, your storm holds granite… I'll just… I'll cut and paste it so you have it.
Kostadis Roussos: The first one, the first fragment that remains is this.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: There's another SAG fragment. The Chosen is pleased with the boy from the Eastern Clan. Continue feeding him with his stories. Do not yet tell him about the leash.
David Mendenhall: Holyish.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just see what's a turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And the last one is, if the henge falls, the manse summons in its place. If the manse falls, I summon myself. The bear comes, the store comes, you are not to fail twice.
Kostadis Roussos: What was the second clue? And I forgot to give you another thing that you saw in the first,
Kostadis Roussos: First thing, that was my mistake.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm just watching over his shoulder and making a mention, you know. There's no mention of drinks in here.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: those notes.
Kostadis Roussos: You find in the previous one, you found another note that said this.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Hey.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I cannot rise where the storm ridge lives, gay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, do you want to go look at the last cave?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's… who… Valfini?
Kostadis Roussos: You also… You, you also find… you notice a…
Kostadis Roussos: Vukriddin's in a rush to get out, and as he's walking out, you notice him… you notice a random square beneath the floor that looks slightly out of place.
Gary Young: This is with my passive reception.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I'm assuming your passive perception's insane.
Gary Young: It is.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Gary Young: Is, oh, it's only 17.
Gary Young: Passive inside this one.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so your passive perception with your…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You're like a spy.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Notice everything.
Kostadis Roussos: Every… all of Gary's characters have faced perception and incidents.
Gary Young: It's useful.
David Mendenhall: I don't know how you get it so high, actually.
Kostadis Roussos: There's careful paths you can take. All right. So, you… do you go and… do you, do you try to discreetly open the… the thing, or do you do it in a perfunctory way so that recruitment notices what you're going to look behind there?
Gary Young: It's recruiting even with me.
David Mendenhall: I feel like I should roll on this one.
Kostadis Roussos: Why, he should roll a stop.
David Mendenhall: I'm gonna roll my perception.
Kostadis Roussos: And your stuff.
David Mendenhall: option… 9.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… Alright.
David Mendenhall: I guess I didn't notice.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, she could salt you wouldn't others.
Kostadis Roussos: Add a potion of invulnerability into the blacklist.
David Mendenhall: The, the blood money list.
Kostadis Roussos: And now, the last cave… do you guys want to look at the last cave, or are you done?
Gary Young: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: potion. That's a… that's a drinkable item, isn't it?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
David Mendenhall: You found your drink.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Wait.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so of course, with Blueberry's kind of, like, feeling that he's got, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, this is yet another one of these, curious caves.
Kostadis Roussos: And, very weird case, if you ask me to understand this part of the module.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: Can you teleport me over there?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, did I not?
Gary Young: I'm still in the Northwest, for some reason.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, let's see who I have.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I presume you start looking around there.
Kostadis Roussos: And,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you find a torn map fragment showing the Neverwinterwood with three marked sites.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me… I'll show you where they are.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Delarge one of those sites?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the lodge is, in fact, one of those sites.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What's at the lodge again?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, lots and lots of alcohol.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… There's a X marks the spot kind of thing on the Falcon Lodge.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's where they hide the drinks.
Kostadis Roussos: That's right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: At the larger in plain sight.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. And, this… there's double circles around this location here.
Gary Young: Q.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Are you showing anything?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, sorry, I'm not showing the right map, right? Sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: No, bud.
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So… You guys aren't the worst.
Gary Young: Lynn Mance, Falcon's Lodge, and Circle of Thunder.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you're at the Circle of Thunder, and you see double circle over here, and an X marked on the Falcons Hunting Lodge.
David Mendenhall: Okay, well, we knew that we wanted to go to those places anyway, those are the next quests.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So those are summoning sites. So the question is, what are they trying to summon?
David Mendenhall: We don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't know.
Gary Young: Well, it is…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I hope it's lots of barrels and roof.
Gary Young: stopped.
Gary Young: It's good.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not good.
Gary Young: Bible Thander, so it must be stopped.
David Mendenhall: So, I'm going to delete a horse with no rain from the tracker, we've completed it.
David Mendenhall: It's true. And, amazingly enough, The map leads us to the next two quest locations.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, before you leave, let me just make sure there's nothing…
David Mendenhall: They are marked in red, because…
David Mendenhall: I have not yet gotten an apology.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but, like, Falcon is ready to give you the apology. I mean, like, this is where Balfina can smooth… try to smooth things over.
Gary Young: I'm with my, persuasion skill.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, this, this could be…
David Mendenhall: I…
David Mendenhall: Okay, guys, so you… you… yes, I know that the… the falcon, the hunter, wants us to go to these places, but you know, he was pretty mean to us at the…
David Mendenhall: You know, at the…
Kostadis Roussos: Don't forget.
David Mendenhall: Druid council, he doesn't really like us very much…
Kostadis Roussos: Remember the musical instrument to carry? You did propose the musical instrument.
Kostadis Roussos: And he did say yes to it.
Gary Young: offer us, like, Boots of stealth or something?
David Mendenhall: He did, yeah, it says on the… we are Boots of Elvenkind.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, if you deal with the Woodland Mans or the Falcon Lodge, which was attacked by orcs, which is why he ended up, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys were supposed to go deal with the woodland mans, you didn't deal with the woodland mans, then the orcs attacked his establishment.
David Mendenhall: We didn't deal with that.
Kostadis Roussos: He didn't deal with that.
David Mendenhall: It can't be in 5 places at once, you know? There's only so much we can do.
Kostadis Roussos: yeah, I'm just… I'm just telling you that, you know, he felt a little bit betrayed, you know, like, he once again put his faith in interventionists, and they… you know, what happened was bigger blowback, his girlfriend died.
David Mendenhall: His girlfriend died?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Excuses, excuses.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you know, that's what he realized. That's what Valfide helped him realize, that those were.
David Mendenhall: Oh, right, right, that was in the past, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Alright, good.
David Mendenhall: I gotta stop. I got an early morning. Thanks, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: It was great. I had fun. I had fun.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Cheers, bye.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.